It’s such a great pleasure to be here in
Colombia; which was my great desire, long
time back that, somehow if I could come later
to this country, I may be able to start Sahaj
Yoga here.
Because I did feel, at that time that there
are lots of seekers and very good people in
Colombia.
They are the seekers of truth and want to
rise higher in their awareness.
And as it was desired by me, it has worked
out.
I’m very happy to be here among you people;
and we have people from, also, other countries
of South America which is a very great thing.
We started working out in European countries,
which were developed countries we can say,
but I always had a very earnest desire to
come to the other side, that is the underdeveloped
countries, where there is culture.
It has to spread to all the countries.
No country should say that it did not come
to us, that we did not know the truth, that
we missed the point.
As you people are first founders and the foundation
stones of Sahaj Yoga you have to be very careful.
As I have said, many a times, the knowledge
that we have from science and other things
is the knowledge of the tree, but Sahaj Yoga
is the knowledge of the roots.
So, we have to become deeper personalities,
we have to see our own depths and our own
glories and our own beauties, and to enjoy
them.
All that beauty we can have; plus you can
see that the human beings are part and parcel
of one personality.
But we cannot do it by just lecturing or by
giving sermons.
But we have to prove it to them by their ascent,
that is, by giving them Self-realisation,
by the actualisation of the experience.
In every way we have to tell them that the
truth cannot be found out by paying money
or making efforts or by sufferings.
The truth resides within us and we have to
just reconcile to the idea that, so far, we
have not found it.
Now the way you will handle them is very important.
Because they come to my program, get Realisation.
But when they come back then you have to handle
them very carefully and delicately.
Also you must understand what is the pulse
of your country, what is the specialty of
your country.